

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:20:26.299308
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:20:27.532922
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:20:35.709369
```python
    # Mocking the filesystem and dependencies
    mock_input = 'mock_input'
    mock_output = 'mock_output'
    mock_target = CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7
    mock_root = None

    # Mocking the get_input_output_paths function to return a list of InputOutput pairs
    mock_paths = [InputOutput(mock_input, mock_output)]
    get_input_output_paths.return_value = mock_paths

    # Mocking the _compile_file function to return a list of dependencies
    mock_dependencies = ['dependency1', 'dependency2']
    _compile_file.return_value = mock_dependencies

    # Call the function under test
    result = compile_files(mock_input, mock_output, mock_target, mock_root)

    # Assertions to check if the function behaves as expected
    assert result.count == len(mock_paths), "The count of compiled files should match the number of paths"
    assert set(result.dependencies) == set(mock_dependencies), "

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:20:37.378741
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:20:38.869115
```python
import os
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:20:40.645813
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:20:48.774713
```python
    # Mocking the filesystem and dependencies
    mock_input = 'mock_input'
    mock_output = 'mock_output'
    mock_target = CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7
    mock_root = 'mock_root'

    # Mocking the get_input_output_paths function to return a controlled set of paths
    mock_paths = [InputOutput(mock_input, mock_output)]
    get_input_output_paths_mock = unittest.mock.MagicMock(return_value=mock_paths)

    # Mocking the _compile_file function to simulate compilation
    _compile_file_mock = unittest.mock.MagicMock(return_value=['dependency1', 'dependency2'])

    # Patching the functions with mocks
    with unittest.mock.patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths', new=get_input_output_paths_mock), \
         unittest.mock.patch('your_module._compile_file', new=_compile_file_mock):

        # Call the function under test
        result = compile_files(mock_input, mock_output, mock_target,

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:20:49.934800
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:20:51.730289
```python
import os
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:20:53.512559
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:04.933232
```python
    # Mocking the filesystem and dependencies
    mock_input = 'mock_input'
    mock_output = 'mock_output'
    mock_target = CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7
    mock_root = None

    # Mocking the get_input_output_paths function to return a controlled set of paths
    mock_paths = [InputOutput(mock_input, mock_output)]
    get_input_output_paths_mock = unittest.mock.Mock(return_value=mock_paths)

    # Mocking the _compile_file function to simulate compilation without actual file operations
    _compile_file_mock = unittest.mock.Mock(return_value=['dependency1', 'dependency2'])

    # Patching the functions with mocks
    with unittest.mock.patch('.files.get_input_output_paths', new=get_input_output_paths_mock), \
         unittest.mock.patch('.compile_files._compile_file', new=_compile_file_mock):

        # Call the function under test
        result = compile_files(mock_input, mock_output, mock_target, mock

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:06.560815
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:13.737548
```python
    # Mocking the filesystem and dependencies
    mock_input = 'mock_input'
    mock_output = 'mock_output'
    mock_target = CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7
    mock_root = 'mock_root'

    # Mocking the get_input_output_paths function to return a controlled set of paths
    mock_paths = [InputOutput(mock_input, mock_output)]
    get_input_output_paths_mock = unittest.mock.MagicMock(return_value=mock_paths)

    # Mocking the _compile_file function to simulate compilation
    _compile_file_mock = unittest.mock.MagicMock(return_value=['dependency1', 'dependency2'])

    # Patching the functions with mocks
    with unittest.mock.patch('module_under_test.get_input_output_paths', new=get_input_output_paths_mock), \
         unittest.mock.patch('module_under_test._compile_file', new=_compile_file_mock):

        # Call the function under test
        result = compile_files(mock_input, mock_output, mock

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:20.372557
```python
    # Mocking the filesystem and dependencies
    mock_input = 'mock_input'
    mock_output = 'mock_output'
    mock_target = CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7
    mock_root = None

    # Mocking the get_input_output_paths function to return a controlled set of paths
    mock_paths = [InputOutput(mock_input, mock_output)]
    get_input_output_paths_mock = unittest.mock.Mock(return_value=mock_paths)

    # Mocking the _compile_file function to simulate compilation
    _compile_file_mock = unittest.mock.Mock(return_value=['dependency1', 'dependency2'])

    # Patching the functions with mocks
    with unittest.mock.patch('.files.get_input_output_paths', new=get_input_output_paths_mock), \
         unittest.mock.patch('.compile_files._compile_file', new=_compile_file_mock):

        # Call the function under test
        result = compile_files(mock_input, mock_output, mock_target, mock_root)

        #

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:21.833123
```python
import os
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:22.933842
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:24.449463
```python
import os
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:27.388169
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:28.873784
```python
import os
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:35.620980
```python
    # Mocking the filesystem and dependencies
    mock_input = 'mock_input'
    mock_output = 'mock_output'
    mock_target = CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7
    mock_root = None

    # Mocking the get_input_output_paths function to return a list of InputOutput objects
    mock_paths = [InputOutput(input=Path('input_file.py'), output=Path('output_file.py'))]
    with patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths', return_value=mock_paths) as mock_get_paths:
        # Mocking the _compile_file function to return a list of dependencies
        with patch('your_module._compile_file', return_value=['dependency1', 'dependency2']) as mock_compile_file:
            # Call the function under test
            result = compile_files(mock_input, mock_output, mock_target, mock_root)

            # Assertions to check if the compile_files function is working as expected
            mock_get_paths.assert_called

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:53.827743
```python
    # Mocking the filesystem and dependencies
    mock_input = 'mock_input'
    mock_output = 'mock_output'
    mock_target = CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7
    mock_root = None

    # Mocking the get_input_output_paths function to return a list of InputOutput objects
    mock_paths = [InputOutput(mock_input, mock_output)]
    get_input_output_paths.return_value = mock_paths

    # Mocking the _compile_file function to return a list of dependencies
    mock_dependencies = ['dependency1', 'dependency2']
    _compile_file.return_value = mock_dependencies

    # Call the function under test
    result = compile_files(mock_input, mock_output, mock_target, mock_root)

    # Assertions to check if the function behaves as expected
    assert result.count == len(mock_paths), "The count of compiled files should match the number of paths"
    assert isinstance(result.duration, float), "The duration should

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:55.321269
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:21:57.269489
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:22:00.377556
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:22:01.724353
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:22:08.872330
```python
    # Mocking the filesystem and dependencies
    from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
    from .types import CompilationTarget

    # Define the test data
    input_code = "print('Hello, World!')"
    output_code = "print('Hello, World!')\n"
    input_path = "input/test.py"
    output_path = "output/test.py"
    target = CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7

    # Mock the get_input_output_paths function to return our test paths
    mock_paths = [InputOutput(input=Path(input_path), output=Path(output_path))]
    with patch('.files.get_input_output_paths', return_value=mock_paths):
        # Mock the open function to read the input code and write to the output
        m = mock_open(read_data=input_code)
        with patch('builtins.open', m):
            # Call the function we are testing
            result = compile_files(input_path, output

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:22:16.643619
    # Mocking the necessary functions and classes for the test
    mock_input_output_paths = [
        InputOutput(input=MockPath("input1.py"), output=MockPath("output1.py")),
        InputOutput(input=MockPath("input2.py"), output=MockPath("output2.py")),
    ]
    mock_get_input_output_paths = MagicMock(return_value=mock_input_output_paths)
    mock_compile_file = MagicMock(side_effect=[['dep1'], ['dep2', 'dep3']])

    # Patching the imported functions and classes with mocks
    with patch('.files.get_input_output_paths', mock_get_input_output_paths), \
         patch('.compile_files._compile_file', mock_compile_file):

        # Call the function under test
        result = compile_files("input_dir", "output_dir", CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7)

        # Assertions to validate the behavior
        mock_get_input_output_paths.assert_called_once_with("input_dir", "output_dir

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:22:18.245603
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:22:20.425636
```python
import os
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:22:22.782461
```python
import os
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:22:50.065485
```python
    # Mocking the necessary functions and classes
    from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open, MagicMock

    # Define the test parameters
    test_input_dir = "test_input"
    test_output_dir = "test_output"
    test_target = CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7
    test_root = "test_root"
    test_file_content = "print('Hello, World!')"
    test_transformed_content = "print('Hello, World!')\n"
    test_dependencies = ["dependency1", "dependency2"]

    # Mock the get_input_output_paths function to return a controlled set of paths
    mock_paths = [InputOutput(MagicMock(), MagicMock())]
    mock_paths[0].input.read_text.return_value = test_file_content
    mock_paths[0].output.as_posix.return_value = f"{test_output_dir}/test_file.py"

    # Mock the _compile_file function to return a controlled set of dependencies


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:22:51.700887
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:22:59.636049
```python
    # Mocking the filesystem and dependencies
    mock_input = 'mock_input'
    mock_output = 'mock_output'
    mock_target = CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7
    mock_root = None

    # Mocking the get_input_output_paths function to return a controlled set of paths
    mock_paths = [InputOutput(mock_input, mock_output)]
    get_input_output_paths_mock = MagicMock(return_value=mock_paths)
    
    # Mocking the _compile_file function to simulate compilation without actual file operations
    _compile_file_mock = MagicMock(return_value=['dependency1', 'dependency2'])

    # Patching the functions with mocks
    with patch('module_under_test.get_input_output_paths', new=get_input_output_paths_mock), \
         patch('module_under_test._compile_file', new=_compile_file_mock):
        
        # Call the function under test
        result = compile_files(mock_input, mock_output, mock_target, mock_root)

       

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:23:01.024030
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:23:02.252104
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:23:04.419535
```python
import os
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:23:06.636993
```python
import os
import tempfile
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:23:08.293445
```python
import os
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')

# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:23:15.997142
```python
    # Mocking the necessary functions and classes
    class MockInputOutput:
        def __init__(self, input_path, output_path):
            self.input = input_path
            self.output = output_path

    def mock_get_input_output_paths(input_, output, root):
        return [MockInputOutput(input_, output)]

    def mock_compile_file(paths, target):
        return ['dependency1', 'dependency2']

    # Patching the original functions with mocks
    original_get_input_output_paths = get_input_output_paths
    original_compile_file = _compile_file
    get_input_output_paths = mock_get_input_output_paths
    _compile_file = mock_compile_file

    try:
        # Call the function under test
        result = compile_files('input_dir', 'output_dir', CompilationTarget.PYTHON_3_7)

        # Assertions to validate the behavior
        assert result.file_count == 1, "Expected file_count to be 1"


# Generated at 2024-03-18 06:23:17.610679
```python
import os
from unittest.mock import patch, mock_open
from .types import CompilationTarget

@patch('your_module.get_input_output_paths')
@patch('your_module._compile_file')